Update README.md (#72)
vtex-apps/store-indexer: docs/README.md

# Store Indexer

> The Store Indexer is a VTEX IO app designed to listen to IO broadcasters and index data based on catalog changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Store Indexer is a VTEX IO app designed to listen to IO broadcasters and index data based on catalog changes. It enhances your store’s catalog indexing and search functionality by responding to system events and automating key tasks:
```

> ## Key features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The app updates translations whenever translatable fields are modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Translations:** Updates translations whenever translatable fields set as messages are modified.
```

> ### Routes
> 
> Store Indexer updates internal routes by saving the correct page type and canonical route ID, and flags deactivated products as "not found".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Route management:** Updates internal routes by saving the correct page type and canonical route ID, and flags deactivated products as "not found".
```

> ### Search URLs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Store Indexer indexes the canonical URLs of top searches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Search indexing:**Indexes the canonical URLs of top searches.
```

> ### Brand Search as Full Text
> 
> Enhance **Intelligent Search** by resolving brand search queries as full text. This configuration enables search results to include products where the brand name appears in fields like the product title or description, rather than limiting results to a brand filter. For detailed instructions, refer to [Setting up brand search queries as full text](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/setting-up-brand-search-queries-as-full-text).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Brand search as full text:** Enhances [Intelligent Search](https://help.vtex.com/pt/tracks/vtex-intelligent-search--19wrbB7nEQcmwzDPl1l4Cb) by resolving brand search queries as full text. This configuration enables search results to include products where the brand name appears in fields like the product title or description, rather than limiting results to a brand filter. For detailed instructions, refer to [Setting up brand search queries as full text](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/setting-up-brand-search-queries-as-full-text).
```

> 

Reviewer: Adicionar seção de instalação e configuração (caso aplicável)

> ## Testing & Developing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Manual event testing
```

Since the Store Indexer is not part of the store's rendering pipeline, testing can be complex. This section outlines how to manually generate an event from the broadcasting system to facilitate testing.

> The example below focuses on testing the product pipeline. Extending it to test other pipelines follows a similar approach.

> ### Step 1: Retrieve the Event Body

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Retrieve the event body
```

}'
```

> ### Step 2: Create an Event for Store Indexer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Create an event for Store Indexer
```
